# Building Custom Connector



**Connector Name : Clockify**

- Do we have a API. ?
  - https://clockify.me/developers-api
- Do they provide any Swagger File ? : No
- What type of Authentication they Support ?
  - They use API Key Based Authentication
  - The key needs to be sent via Headers
  - The key Name is "X-Api-Key"
  - 
- Are we going to expose all the API Actions from Clockify or Specific Actions ?
  - Client - 2

  - Project - 3
    - Get Projects : Not working. Need to check with Clockify Support Team

    - /workspaces/{workspace_id}/projects

    - The original End point was not working. The workaround is to look at the api they used on the Online Portal and then identify the api call from the Network Tab.

    - We got this call request

      ```
      https://global.api.clockify.me/workspaces/5f61b1bdb0d6113beff69961/clients/projects-filter?name=&sort-column=NAME&sort-order=ASCENDING&page=1&page-size=50&archived=false
      ```

    - Based on this it seems we need to use projects-filter?

  - Tag

  - Task

  - TimeEntry - 4 

  - Expense

  - User

  - Workspace - 1
    - Get Workspaces : Works Well
    
  - Custom Fields

  - Approvals

  - Reports

  - Shared Reports

- 

- Do they Support Webhooks ?
  - Yes. They Do. 
  - Then we can use PUSH Trigger webhook and we don;t need a POLL Trigger
  - They support Webhook, when a tag is created, when a time entry is added.

===========================================================================================

20 Dec 2021 : Objectives : Clockify

- [x] Download the existing Connector using PACONN CLI : official cli for creating professional custom connector with advanced features which are not supported in the current UI.

- [x] Upload the changes back to Power Automate via Paconn CLI

- [x] Webhook Today (Triggers. Push, Pull )

  - [x] What we want to do ?

    - [x] When someone adds Time send me an email

      Challenges : 

      - Clockify don't have webhook API to register
      - We identified they do have a undocumented API and it worked well to register, to list and delete webhook
      - Creating Webhook in custom connector involved creating multiple json code. Instead we will try from UI and Understand first and then we will edit the code and deploy via PACONN.
      - Pendng : Webhook Trigger not showing in the Flow Created.
        - Either its a cache Issue o something wrong in the UI.

- [ ] **Exercise Home work for Adrian**

- [ ] Add Proper Schema for all Request Response to make it useful in the "dynamic content expressions"

- [ ] Finally make it work End to End on Adrian's Power Automate Accoun via Paconn Cli. Refer Paconn in the documentation

=========================================Advanced Schema Structure ================================

Microsoft Dataverse uses this technique



InputTable : Payroll

Pull Dynamic from the Dataverse via APIM/Backend/ Actual Common Data Service



Input : Car
dynamic-schema :

CarModel:
CarName
CarReleaseYear

Input : JetFlight
AirFlightModel: 
ReleaseYear









